1.please help me introduce my self?

self-introduction
I’m Cecilia Chen, a Senior Search Machine Learning Engineer with over five years of experience
building search systems for big platforms. In my current role at Zhihu, also known as China's Quora.
I came here since June 2024.I lead projects to improve search experience,
I've established a user experience evaluation framework and implemented a learning-to-rank (LTR) pipeline
to enhance search satisfaction.We want to bring the most relevant, high quality,
freshness and authority content to our user.
I also in charge of last stage ranking on verticals and had completed the user name ranking module.

Prior to this, I dedicated four years and 2 month at red Notes, also known as xiaohongshu.
There, I worked on improving search engine's core tech.
I worked in the retrieval team to optimize lexical/text retrieval.I optimized various retrieval generators and
built a offline retrieval evaluation system.I were able to improve regular and long-tailed query clicked through rate.
I also played a key role in improving search volumn,
through a series ranking and retrieval optimizations I were able to increase passive search volumn from 4% to 11%,
and increased over twelve million search pv.

I hold a Master degree in Computer Science from Northeastern University,
where I graduated in the top 5% of my class and won the various Scholarship and Outstanding graduates.
These equipped me with a solid foundation in professional career later on.

I'm particularly excited about the possibility of working for Meta.
I look forward to the opportunity to bring my unique perspective and expertise to the table and drive impactful changes.

2.If we hire you what role you gonna fit?
I have worked on ranking, retrieval and entry-point optimization in the past.This given me a comprehensive
pratical experience in search field.I would particularly like to work on ranking improvement.
However I am flexible, if other relevant positions are open,I would like to fit in those areas as well.

3.why do you want to change your working places? What are your thoughts on relocation?
I'm willing to change working places because I'm seeking new opportunities for growth and want to be a part of an
international company.I believe that embracing more international and diversity will benifit my long-term
professional development.
I want to broaden my horizons and increase my knowledge.
Life is a journey, and what matters most are the experiences and adventures along the way.

I am open-minded about relocation. I see it as an opportunity for personal and professional growth.
I'm confident in my ability to adapt quickly. I believe that working in a new environment will help me
expand my horizons and be a more flexible person.

# I'm looking forward to exploring the new community, new relationships and integrating into local culture while
focusing on my work at meta.

4.What are your long-term goals?
In the long-term, I envision myself being an expert at searching field.
I plan to continuously expand my knowledge and collaborate with
professionals to create solutions that improve how people interact with
digital content and with each other.

Another crucial aspect of my long - term goals is that
I've always been passionate about working for an international company.
I believe embracing diversity will enhance my professional skills and also fuel my creativity.
This is exactly why I'm so enthusiastic about the possibility of joining Meta.
Its global presence and diverse workforce offer the perfect platform for me
to grow and contribute on an international scale,
while also making a real difference in the way people
connect and communicate through technology.

5.What are your interests in working with us?
I am extremely enthusiastic about joining Meta.
Meta has consistently pushed the boundaries in social media,
virtual reality and augmented reality.It's always been in the
frontier on shaping how we connect with each other.I want to participate
and be a part of this journey too.It would be a great environment where \
people come from all walks of life, sharing their ideas and working on
some of amazing projects to make the world a better place.
I've got some skills that I think would be a good fit to meta.


6.what are your most challenging project? and how do you overcome it?

One of the most challenging project I've worked on was optimizing
entry point's ranking system.Which took place during my first
half year of career.
The main difficulty was that, with a shortage of manpower, I had to
achieve ctr in a short period.The existing model was quite basic, a
simple linear model with few statistical features.It suffered from a
lack of personalization, and performed poorly on new scenes and
long-tailed queries.
So that give me a chance to build ranking module from scratch.As I
embarked on this project, I developed a deep understanding on the
background and evolution of ranking. I carefully planned its structure,
offline training process, online deployment, and incremental update mechanisms.
It was a complex task that involved a lot of trial and error.But I came through,
When implemented in business scenarios like "null state", "Search Filters",
and "Related Search", we saw significant improvements.
The daily search volumn increased by 840,000 pv,
and the CTR in these areas improved as well,
with "null state" seeing a 27.63% increase,
"Search Filters" 11.85%,
and "Related Search" 12.32%.
Additionally, I managed to reduce training and maintenance costs
while enhancing the model's scalability for different business scenarios.
This happened just in the beginning of my career.
But it taught me the importance of perseverance, adaptability,
and strategic thinking in the face of challenges.
If you overcame with it you see growth.

7.do you have any questions?
(1)would you tell me more about the team I would be working with?
how many teams are there in the department and what the job
responsibilities of different team
I want to have a clear picture of the organization's structure and
how different team collaborate with each other.

(2)what kind of professional development opportunities are available for employees?
how many promotion opportunities are provided to employees in a year?
And what is the proportion of that.
I want to have a better understanding of the company's career development path and pace.

(3)will my interview process be the same as the one described on
the facebook website? Are there any precautions I should take?




Appendix:
1.background
Equipped with a Master's Degree in Computer Science
and had five years of practical experience in search algorithms.

2.experience
I have a computer
science background and I have working in the social media industry for several years.

Red Note is one of the most active lifestyle sharing platforms, which have two
main parts, social media and e-commerce, and has gained popularity
worldwide recently.I worked in the community department over 4 years and 2 month.
Community is where people sharing their lifestyles and communicate with each other.
Users can find various contents in this app and like or comment on posts.And
different users can follow each other and send messages to communicate with
each other.

Zhihu is one of the most active knowledge-sharing platforms in China.
And is more focused on quality content.
This platform has attracted a large number of outstanding creators in
various professional fields, such as Andrew Ng and Kai - Fu Lee.
It has produced the highest - quality and most influential articles
on the Chinese Internet.
Young people can obtain valuable information here, make new friends,
discuss and share issues regarding their lives and work.


meta's mission:
Giving people the power to build community and bring the world closer together.

meta's vision:
To bring the metaverse to life and help people connect,
find communities and grow businesses.

soft skills:
1.Communication
2.Teamwork and Collaboration
3.Industrial problem-solving Skills
4.Time Management and Organization
5.Continuous Learning
    I am always staying updated and willing to adapt to changes.
        Keeping up with the latest papers, industry trends and new technologies in the field.
        Quickly learning and adapting to new tools, framework, technologies and environment.

hard skills:
1.Machine Learning Algorithms
    Supervised Learning
        Classification: Binary classification, Multi-class classification
        Regression
    Unsupervied Learning
        Clustering
        Association
        Dimension reduction
    Reinforcement Learning
2.Machine Learning Frameworks
    Pytorch
    Tensorflow
    Keras
3.Data Processing and Analysis
    Data Cleaning and Data Preprocessing
    Data visualization
    SQL and NoSQL Databases
4.Big Data Techonologies:
    Using Hadoop, Spark and Kafka for processing and managing large-scale datasets.


文本召回: lexical retrieval
向量召回：semantic retrieval
混合检索：hybrid retrieval

famous tourist place in singapore:
1.Marina Bay Sands
2.Sentosa Island
    Universal Studio
3.Merlion Park
4.Gardens by the Bay

 name
 school
 job and responsibilities


one of my senior female classmates went to the National University of Singapore for an exchange program
during the last two years of her doctoral studies.